Support several "output" in the SWS application (#47)
AI4WORK-Project/sliding-work-sharing: README.md

To apply SWS to your own application scenario, you need to do the following:

> - define your own input parameters, output variable/s and decision rules in an `.fcl` file

Reviewer: To be consistent with JSON, I would suggest:
```suggestion
- define your own input parameters, output parameter(s) and decision rules in an `.fcl` file
```

- our suggestion would be to take one of the existing `.fcl` files as template and adjust it to your scenario
- existing example `.fcl` files can be found at [src/main/resources/rules](src/main/resources/rules)

> _Note_: The SWS application can return multiple output variables. In your custom `.fcl` file, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note_: The SWS application can return multiple output parameters. In your custom `.fcl` file, you
```

> can define several decision outputs, and each one will appear as a separate field in the response JSON. The agriculture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can define several decision outputs, and each one will appear as a separate parameter in the response JSON. The agriculture
```

> scenario ([Agriculture Scenario](#agriculture-scenario)) shows the example for this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scenario ([Agriculture Scenario](#agriculture-scenario)) includes an example for this feature.
```

#### Example rules

> - if drone battery level is low or fatigue level of worker is low, let the supervisor inform about the situation

Reviewer: Better write it as:
```suggestion
- if drone battery level is low or fatigue level of worker is low, inform the supervisor about the situation
```
Besides: we should also update the scenario description above to make clear to readers that two decisions are done, draft test suggestion:

```
For each required transport of a harvest box, the SWS management decides if this transport should be done by the drone or by the worker. This decision depends on:

[...]

In addition, the SWS management also supports the decision if a supervisor should be informed about the current situation. This is an example for how the software supports several output parameters.
```

_Please Note_: The `decisionExplanation` is not shown here for the sake of brevity. An example is
described [here](#how-to-read-the-decisionexplanation).

> - This application scenario can be an example that return multiple output variables. In `.fcl`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This application scenario provides an example how the SWS can return multiple output parameters. In the `.fcl`
```

>   file, several decision outputs can be defined, and each one will appear as a separate field in the response JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  file, several decision outputs can be defined, and each one will appear as a separate parameter in the response JSON.
```
